Preparation twig transition (#914)
contao/docs: docs/manual/layout/templates/template-data.en.md

If you use [template inheritance]({{< ref "template-inheritance.en.md" >}}), the template data is only displayed in
debug mode or if the statement is enclosed between `$this->block(…)` and `$this->endblock()` statements.
{{% /notice %}}

## Twig Template

{{< version "4.13" >}}

Within Twig Templates you can display all available or specific template data.
The output is only done when debug mode is enabled.

```twig
{{ dump() }}
{{ dump(varA) }}
{{ dump(varA, varB) }}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

If you use [template inheritance]({{< ref "template-inheritance.en.md" >}}), the template data is only displayed in
debug mode or if the statement is enclosed between `$this->block(…)` and `$this->endblock()` statements.
{{% /notice %}}

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Twig" %}}

> {{< version "4.13" >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< version "4.12" >}}
```

> Within Twig Templates you can display all available or specific template data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within Twig templates you can display all available or specific template data.
```

> The output is only done when debug mode is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This only works while the debug mode is enabled.
```
